thing linked to helpful stuff, less-helpful stuff, and rest-of-universe

drawing between two graphs, without considering wayness

idea: line up equivalent nodes
idea: form edges between all pairs of edges

so every nearby-ness of apple[funny] and apple[smelly]
	two very similar contexts will have very similar parts
	similar weights, similar content
		but maybe first has A,B, and second has B,C
	we smoothly morph B to B
	we smoothly morph A to rest-of-world
	we smoothly morph C from rest-of-world
	so in the morphing we will spllit A and C out of rest-of-world for both
		updating that relates to the links from rest-of-world, maybe

	to make the above, we compare the sets of all links.
	is 1->B similar to 2->rest-of-world? answer is similarity of B to rest-of-world
	is 1->B similar to 2->C? answer is similarity of C to B
	is 1->B similar to 2->B?
	1 has unknown similarity to 2?
	B is clearly high similarity to B.

	so we can form a subtraction between any two nodes.
	it could be a lot of answers or few, but it's how to get between them.
	it may have to traverse unlearned summaries.

	remember, all things are interconnected.
		how do our interlinks grow when we make a new thing?
	maybe there is a reason for newness? what is it not?

what we have done makes a unique context, every moment
but this unique context is very similar to other contexts in relevent ways
we are always lining up with similar contexts.


considering goops that reference the nearnesses of other goops
really we'll just be moving towards nearnesses that are more near, right?
	there's space in between the interlinks.
	we actually want to walk the most near interlinks.
	[if none are near, we can try one and learn.]

thinking of interpolating two nodes

	maybe open a learning space between the differences?

concern aroudn allocation of nodes used for interlinks
	just allocate them all for now please
		do we own them?  i want to morph myself and it morphs
		the nodes used for my links.
	i guess that can be implicit for now

		uhh i'm trying to look up nodes that are the same as other
		nodes, but i want to compare contents in doing so and they
		are pointers ... maybe all the stuff could be placed outside
		the pointer.


thinking about listing words using, way, what, degree, confidence, ref, [interlinks].
	are interlinks a way?

let's think about word-degree-links being contextual.
	if observed degree is good, yes.
	if observed degree is bad, new-context?

prioritize personal hygiene atm
