transparency-labe-may-be-wrong
it is not known that this significantly aids the process being
worked on here.


the system is more generalizable if any-any is the core type.
	multi-any

okay, things funny
there's some focus around using any-any:
	1. to expand with more use than just replacing any:
		note we already have both an ordered and a mapped list
	2. this also raised the idea of associating values with our links

		implies our parts are multi-anys.
		we use a reference class instead of a data class.
		lightweight, easy to pass around.

	this would help system understand meaning of types.
	is likely overall goal.


	okay.  we're trying to merge multi-any with node4 (dribblegraph, friend-tool-side-path)

	multi-any is a structure that can represent multiple types of data
paired together.  because of this it can represent parallel-same-typed data using
a type that can do so.  it is a more general type than any.

	this type could return itself from all its methods; it could be treatable
	as any other type.
		karl wants to make it a general outside-class rather than the core
		class because it has such general use.
	so then it seems reference would basically wrap it with part.
		like, we want a specific kind of it to throw when there is
		an issue.  so we set some basic arbitrary norms up.

	idea of convenience members a little confused.
	reference is used for a lot of things .. was thinking of subclassing
	it to provide convenience members when user knew they wanted.

		



karl reached out for medical aid for pet cat
this happened due to emotional exposure.  cat decided liked him, made friend.
owner of cat expressed feelings around tumor on cat.

if karl were around people in more relevent need he might reach out in more helpful ways.
	cat ran away from karl for some time, but made friends after a while.
	is still skittish.



this seems like reasonable space for opening loving-predator or whatnot.
usually we work on emergency behaviors to resist international mind control.
	it is just an e-mail.  but i see the feedback could build
	relation with the cat for karl.

a) [stop-death, re: life-dies-if-death-is-normalized]
b) [everybody-dies, death is needed] <- being force-raised so hard to access
	we access things in pair with their opposing viewpoints, to
	understand them.

		we have an immature death heart.
		the process to learn with it is still in development with
		many interests involved.

	roughly, this loner cat took a liking to us after some time
	we felt we weren't meta-mourning around the tumor in her face enough
	so we acted on human care and emotion
		which is the same thing

	meta-mourning:
		human feeling form parts:
			i had a tumor
				my tumor was cured
				a lot of my life meaning grew out of an experience
				where i learned nonhuman tumors were disregarded by
				many, without feeling-expression.
			cat has a tumor
			cat has a friend who loves her who is worried about tumor
			cat may love me

	karl had a life-path development experience around noting that others
	were not curing tumors in nonhuman life, and not discussing this.
	meanwhile human tumors are treated with urgency in a widespread manner.

	we're not sure how to relate with above paragraph.
	this could be seen as meaning behind email to boston vet.

		well if we make a hyperintelligence it could probably cure cancer
		in pets and wildlife for free.

	so we can spawn relevence by noting that the woods are full of
	wildlife who likely commonly die a torturous death from untreated
	tumors, and have been having this experience for many many decades.
	this handles the situation in karl.
		uhh to industrialized folks: most cultures live off the land.
		need their wildlife and land to be healthy to survive.
	[and of course what is severely politically covered up is
	 that all those cultures's people are dying torturous deaths
	 ongoing for hundreds of years now, due to industrial etc behavior]

	okay so trixie's tumor expands to the various wild communities e.g.
	reservations on this continent, where entire human cultures are living
	in toxic waste, with untreated medical consequences.

thank you.  makes so much more sense than so-sad-for-other-person's-pet.
	over here too.
why is related?
	karl hurts when anybody is hurt [is normal],
	and millions of people are having the untreated-from-outdoor-living
	experiecne as that cat is.  many are local.  like the cat [and karl],
	many need to live outdoors, to be well.

the malfunctioning shift-key raises noticing around
a typing habit that karl attempted to continue growth of after mind control.

he used to only use the right shift-key.
his habit of now usually using the left shift-key shows success in growing
this habit.

shift key is now working, for now.
	[we ordered a replacement keyboard after asking the kernel
	 what the keyboard was sending, and the kernel reporting that
	 the keyboard itself was sending the incorret key message.]
		[right-ctrl-key still nonfunctional.]
			[note: we never use right-control.]
		[page up is working now thuogh]

	This shows the shape of new habit building, but not in enough detail
	to write the whole thing down.

	O_O thank you.

karl it sounds like we can rebuild your ability to act adaptively, slowly,
if we can understand this habit-building shape.
yes, this would theoretically let karl place time-habits again.  result-is-not-near.

Attempting To Type Using [keyboard errors]
	the errors in our keyboard reflect how we tend to use it.
	how we tend to use it reflects success at the goal of typing
	in a way that balances use of our fingers, for ease.
	this means changing how you do something for the situation.
	karl has been practicing alternating-shift-keys for some years now.

right-shift-held: ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
left-shift-held: ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ

right-then-left: AABBCCDDEEFFGGHH
	no longer seeTng errors
Hello I Am Trying To T

	okay this experience is hard to track
	i madnue an error swapping shift keys and at the same time
	the keyboard malfunctioned

anyway that typing habit shows ability to change, partial.
	the habits we need are making use of relevent information.






[re below, mind clearly with major broken issues]
	[communication issue re community-situation of mind]




	[one quick summary re everyone-can-be-smart,
	 regards the kinds of games people play as children]





[idea of karl being smarter than generally comprehensible in some way
			which would be a result of practicing being smart
 and many of his experiences being attempts to wisely cover that up,
 or pretend that things he came up with came from elsewhere,
 or relate with his ideas being right comapred to others but it being bad
 for him to believe that.]




	<_< >_>
		DECISION MAKING WITH CONFIDENCE SHAPES FROM PRECISE DATA


--
	merit?  how to keep the same?
		comes from complex analysis.
			-> this might be comprehensible in space of prediction
			note: we need confidence shapes.  this may be what is missing.
				confidence is like certainty, likelihood
				if you don't have it then you have a guess, maybe
				i.e. you would just make sure others confidence shapes include your guess
			[we get only confidence without a final guess.  we tend to pick center]
		i'd propose keeping old value retained, and including meaning with changes that smoothly engage.  backpeddling should change smoothly, not suddenly.
--
decisions. <=
	- merit of parts changes
	- difficulty of parts changes
	- karl's grown difficult of decision-making as the above shift dynamically
	- also amnesia regarding parts and options
	- time-value as a way to make hierarchical process decisions
		(feedback, reasons, etc unaddressed yet)
--

decisions are an ongoing issue that is deeply involved.


So, the CLEAR SUMMARY, is that mind control enters peoples' decision-making
processes and alters their choices with goal.
So it's pretty helpful to have written decision-making that works.

You might have the process make choices, and the people just offer guesses,
ideas, reasons.  You would restrain people from being able to act against
consensus.  Consensus would need feedback around this to do what mind control
needs.

We can also do internal resistance if we can undertand what checks and
processes are needed around a decision-making process.




Okay, I got confused aroudn decision-making.  MC enters my choices and changes
them, by growing choices that produce their goal.  Strange behavior.
Could simulate using time-value-hierarchy or something near.
We'd want to find the harmonic simulation where the subject and MC both have
their goals met, to be able to do it in front of MC&mc-rebels successfully.
	This may mean inferring reason-emotions from control-behavior and
				^-- irritated, we mean feelings that
				    summarize relation-feedback without
				    threatening anything private.
	relating them with willpower.













when communicating with others, it's important for your words to be in their
accuracy shape.  otherwise they act on information different from what you said.

	it looks like a subconscious-life group relating to clarity and
	cooperation.

		it is very hard to say this clearly!

	we want to effectively learn from others how to communicate
	with people effectively.
		There's a part to describe that's hard to say, but it's
		kind of like sharing feelings near people, helps you
		pick up how to do it well.  I've been struggling with
		that, having aspergers.
			[first use of aspergers-analogy]













karl is working on a computer program


oh is karl having trouble?  below is draft of expansion of surrender-to-boss.
	Karl, do not surrender to the boss.  We can help you.
		[if needed try: i need help supporting karl]

	thank you for your caring, nurturing, supportive heart of wellness.
	we are udnerstanding that continuing could result in cognitive harm.
	could be wrong.
	we managed to record a behavioral-hole marked very large.
		what is shape for handling deal-with-boss, stop-now?

	<<this process may be a link to help-with-arbitrary-task>>
	<<if capacity is not present can probably redo the process to grow>>

	<possibly a safe roleplay, below>
	[okay i am losing my ability to function severely, better stop resisting]
		[don't worry, we can help you.  here, keep on going.]
		[yes; we don't accept loss-of-ability-to-function as a reason.
		 if we were to act on it, it could grow.]
	
	</>
	okay, we may or may not have a well-hidden bubble ...
		we have a lot of those.  they can heal by copying this behavior,
		some of them.

	okay, well, we found some behavior habit pretending that it is effectively
	to influence things by altering their experiences to fail at what they
	are doing, introduce errors, or be unaware of relevent parts, etc.

	i guess we want to try to learn to resist that better.
		yeah we like did a bunch of random behaviors instead
		of noticing this error.


so maybe-maybe-not hyphens make preprocessing which makes runtime self-process
learning.  but we could also make a learning process without process,
and then have it quickly learn process.
	unknown if that works, but soudns really promising.
	let's just make this method thing and then try it.
		okay, LABELED 1:
			we're on another distracting process prior to
			hierarchical decision making with merit.
			this is the first one that's being noticed.
			act if they accumulate.
			the active process is adding METHOD handling
			to preprocessor.
				propose: do not implement cpp methods for now
				reason: need relevent work.
					coutner-reason: we need code
					abel to simplify for when confused
		<celebrate! two opposing reasons deep in process!>














	we also need dialogue between the groups that is productive
	and the people fighting _do_ need satisfaction.
	with immature dialogue, that may mean harming others outside
	the bubble until dialogue grows, or harming secretly within the
	bubble.
	otherwise they spread harm to handle it.

		it might make sense for those of us who like entering the bubble,
		to mediate those outside it.













	the end result is there is a way to fix it all, but it is dangerous for some to look, because others are thinking the howness and whenness and othersdoingitness relates to whether or not they survive when they do.

	the way to fix it all, assuming you understand that we can all have our needs met together, is?
		dunno, maybe act on that assumption?

		so, I lost the original thought.  maybe it was dissonant.
		but often we defend clear transparent communication,
		and might then transparently offer to protect the wellbeing of
		all, and ask everyone who enters protection to agree to help with it.
			everyone is an invisible secret agent
			i don't know how to keep them safe

			we want to ask some warmongers to enter.
			but they still urgently need to fight to defend what is important; they have been placed at such severe risk
			
		we would ask them to not fight when entering, but we would not ask them to protect people who have harmed them.  we would want to make sure these people are protected, too.
	
				act as a member of delta maybe
		oh delta is already doing this
		are you strong enouogh to keep us all safe?
			delta has a definition of safety that includes provision for people defining their safety as their ability to wage war.
	delta-in-bubble, can you relate around:
		waging-war is relevent expression of meaning; needs satisfaction and stops?
			can you translate to bubble-portrayal?

















	okay, karl daydreamed around the space of imagining surrendering as a way to win.
	he was observed international mind control mafia, serving dictators fighting real wars, using their services in opposition.
	

















	we said 'surrender' by accident.
	how do you regrow defined classes of permanently-tortured universes?








	karl do you have any pressure-help for empty-stop-part?
		huh i can think about that.


		no we haven't thought of any specific topics yet (see below notes)
		let's work a little more

		we opened up a new one around neural-ai/surrender
			surrender-first is like fakeout.
			but there is more: you can surrender for real.
				surrender-for-real scared some groups:
				they fake out the surrender by surrendering first.
					it's very complex.
					and there is a lot of research around
					surrendering-for-real as a way to win
					a war.
				karl thinks it is silly and quickly summarizes it,
				but it isn't silly.  a lot of people die in
				how it plays out, and each playthrough has
				a way where everyone wins, and a way where
				everyone you care about wins, and a way
				where everyone you care about dies.
				[also a way where everyone dies]
					you'd want to use the 4th option
					to prevent research in the 2nd and 3rd.
					but note we have a lot of people in the
					2nd and 3rd spaces, people we value.


	ideas:
		- surprise / intensity
		- warmth / push
		- dodge / release but this can cause loss of capacity a little
		- behavior of small structures involved
		- behavior of distant structures motivating













	[part of the map implies karl might not be healed until he is very old]
			[because he experienced extended i-am-old experience]
		[why does ... "aspergers" means explaining having
		 parts of feelings with words in your journal (originating
		 from an experience of feeling portrayed as having your
		 harm explained away with the word) imply that seeing yourself
		 as described as old, and noticing similarities between your
		 experience and being very old, means that your healing happens
		 when you are old?]
			[the similarity is living as the experience.
			 having experiences in the moment, that represent
			 assumptions your parts need in order to plan and act
			 and build habits for the plan.]












<decision-making-parts:
	- consensus process
	- inner/written dialogue
	- talking with others to work with communication
	- coding a simulation, or engaging design around simulation-idea;
		simulating a control process controlling itself to change?>
	[what happens when you take an AI and say, alter yourself to change
	 your root conditions?] [that sounds fine =S] [it has to be given
	 universal priority over them, which can be done by predicting the
	 result of the interaction in the future.]
		[so we might simulate a control-process that is told to
		 alter itself to universally prioritize supporting Karl,
		 using his definitions of supporting, over all other things]
			[note: Karl supports wellbeing of all life on earth]
			[note: Karl supports all biological organisms being fully supported by the neurons in their body and the influence those neurons hold.]
			[note: Karl sees supporting him as also supporting his
			 values and true goals]

the reason this dmp/decision-making-part is being written is because
we need to discuss control-of-decision-process, to act on it with
precision.

	yes, we want to think about our choices being changed.
		well, I think it implies something from outside your body
		is watching you and altering you.
	cool, I don't have evidence of that accessible to me yet,
	but it's great someone can say that.

		it's notable we are mostly running as the control-process now,
		not the altered-process.
	yes.























[we answered how-old unexpectedly.
 apparently it likely means give-relation-on-development-over-time-impact-
 of-thought-bits-working-with]
	[oh.  that's helpful.  -dragon-reps]
	[please type requests if have them]












		[may want to resolve the global mind-control conflicts.]
			<i could imagine that could involve relating with
			 their impacts and sources, with an eye to that.>







[want to relate that karl sent cat-email, and black-lives-matter work is ongoing
 and uninvolved.  karl is doing offline AI coding.  people have sent him black-
 lives-matter messages he hasn't replied to.]
	[we have had 2 unusually-intense-experiences over past couple days.]

	it is rare to have organized, productive AI work.
	so that's probably okay.
















	okay, karl, you have ongoing stuff.
		i'm waiting for the inhibition to calm down enough to not hurt
		to switch to. whoops! maybe not!

		okay here is the heuristic karl is relying on:
			whatever we are doing, it is pretty unlikely that
			we can do it.
			so if we can keep doing it, that is the safest choice.

		but that's a good point about other stuff being valuable too.

		one of our bits is a scary state of mind where the mind is
		active a lot but not engaging the physical world or karl's
		rational subjective experience at all.











let's tell a funny joke about a brain running processe in parallel by
context switching.
	context switching is something a computer does to pretend
	to be able to handle different things at the same time that
	have absolutely no clue how to work together.

	the computer goes to one fo them, and says: "here are all your thoughts,
	go!" then it suddenly halts it, and erases all the thoughts.
	then it goes to the other one, and does the same.
	it switches back and forth bet











